Iau proxy container normalization #20666 keichwa (#2352)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/proxy-container-installation.adoc

The container host must be connected to the manager as a Salt client.

> Connecting the container host as a traditional client will not work because required packages will not be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connecting container host as a traditional client will not work because required packages will not be available.
```

| Details
| Remark

| Connection Method
| Salt
| Host must be configured as a Salt client
|===

[IMPORTANT]
====

> To ensure that the domain name of the {productname} Server can be resolved by its clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that domain name of the {productname} Server can be resolved by its clients.
```

zypper install uyuni-proxy-systemd-services
----

[[installation-proxy-containers-customize-config]]
== Customize {productname} Proxy configuration

{productname} Proxy containers require some volumes to be mounted for long term storage.
Those volumes are automatically created by [literal]``podman`` and can be listed using the [command]``podman volume ls`` command.
By default, [literal]``podman`` stores the files of the volumes in [path]``/var/lib/containers/storage/volumes``.

> The needed volume are named:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The volumes are named:
```

zypper install uyuni-proxy-systemd-services
----

[[installation-proxy-containers-customize-config]]
== Customize {productname} Proxy configuration

{productname} Proxy containers require some volumes to be mounted for long term storage.
Those volumes are automatically created by [literal]``podman`` and can be listed using the [command]``podman volume ls`` command.
By default, [literal]``podman`` stores the files of the volumes in [path]``/var/lib/containers/storage/volumes``.
The volumes are named:

- [path]``uyuni-proxy-squid-cache``
- [path]``uyuni-proxy-rhn-cache``
- [path]``uyuni-proxy-tftpboot``

> To override the default volume settings, create the volumes prior to the first start of the pod using the [literal]``podman volume create`` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To override default volume settings, create the volumes prior to the first start of the pod using the  [command]``podman volume create`` command.
```

> In the [path]``/etc/sysconfig/uyuni-proxy-systemd-services.config`` file it is possible to add custom arguments passed to podman container pod:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to add custom arguments passed to podman container pod to [path]``/etc/sysconfig/uyuni-proxy-systemd-services.config`` file :
```

----
EXTRA_POD_ARGS=''
----

> In this file it is possible to modify the tag to use for the container images:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this file it is possible to modify tag to use for container images:
```

----
TAG=latest
----

[IMPORTANT]
====
Changing the [path]``uyuni-proxy-systemd-services.config`` file and especially the [literal]``TAG`` setting is dangerous and can cause a non-functional system.
====

=== Using a custom container image for a service

By default, the {productname} Proxy suite is set to use the same image version and registry path for each of its services.
However, it is possible to override the default values for a specific service.

> The [literal]``uyuni-proxy`` CLI bundled with the package, has an [command]``update image`` command  with the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [literal]``uyuni-proxy`` CLI bundled with the package, runs [command]``update image`` command  with the following parameters:
```

----
uyuni-proxy update image -s httpd -t 0.1.0 -r registry.opensuse.org/uyuni
----

> It would adjust a configuration file for the httpd service, taking [path]``registry.opensuse.org/uyuni`` as the registry and [literal]``0.1.0`` as the version tag and then restart it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It adjusts the configuration file for the httpd service, where [path]``registry.opensuse.org/uyuni`` is the registry and [literal]``0.1.0`` is the version tag, before restarting it.
```

----
uyuni-proxy update image -s httpd -t 0.1.0 -r registry.opensuse.org/uyuni
----

It adjusts the configuration file for the httpd service, where [path]``registry.opensuse.org/uyuni`` is the registry and [literal]``0.1.0`` is the version tag, before restarting it.

To reset the values to defaults, run the proxy reset command, specifying the service with the [literal]``-s`` parameter:

----
uyuni-proxy reset -s httpd
----

> This command would reset the configuration of the [literal]``httpd`` service to the global defaults and then restart it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command first resets the configuration of the [literal]``httpd`` service to the global defaults and then restarts it.
```

> For more information, see the [literal]``uyuni-proxy --help``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [literal]``uyuni-proxy --help``.
```
